---
layout: post
title: Land Crisis Development Log &#35;9
date: 2020-06-22
description: 8th June - 22nd June
toc: true
---

# Introduction

Note to myself: If you try to load a "Material" with a "Shader" from the Resources folder - do not do that. Or at least load the shader first.

# Development progress

## 8.-22.

Due to my day job the updates have sadly been slowed down and the build for Gabriel wasn't ready yet, as I wanted to finish the minimap issues first - this week will be another hard week at my day job, so sadly there won't be that many updates. But I will try to keep you posted whenever possible.

Things down:
- Top bar menus are now working
- MiniMap is now working
- Sprite Outlines are now working properly
- 6 Player matches now start properly
- Tech Tree had another revision
- More configurations (map configurations, tile sets) exported to JSON
- Map borders are now being calculated in respect to the map size used
- Graphic settings were fixed

The bug board is slowly going down - 18 Errors, 3 In Progress, 29 Ready for Testing.

Sadly due to the heavy day job impact I cannot give any deadlines for the following 1-2 weeks. After that I got some holidays in and will use that time to work on the alpha release. :-)

No screenshots yet, as there is too much debug noise going on.

# Upcoming planned next steps

As stated above, no dates for the next couple of weeks, stuff is going down as it gets processed in my pipeline.

| Status | Date      | Topic      | Sub-Topic   | Description                                                     |
|--------|-----------|------------|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Work   | | LandCrisis | * | fixing dev build bugs |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Org | Rolling development builds for QA |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "queue" mechanics     |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "build" mechanics     |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "attack" mechanics     |
| Plan   | | LandCrisis | Maps | Import FoW implementation |
| Plan   | | LandCrisis | Org | Static playtest, initial build                                  |

# Closing statement

Thanks for listening to my TED talk. Please check out our Discord [here](https://discord.gg/C7H9w4p).
Also, if you want to see more in-depth dev screenshots or have any questions feel free to ping me in #devlog on Discord!


Stay safe, stay strong, keep your distance and I'll keep you guys updated soon!

{% highlight html %}
{% raw %}
- KuhnChris
{% endraw %}
{% endhighlight html %}

Remember to press F to pay your respects.