---
layout: post
title: Land Crisis Development Log &#35;8
date: 2020-06-07
description: 1st June - 7th of June
toc: true
---

# Introduction

More fixes, more changes, more polish, we are trying to polish the experience for an impending alpha release

# Development progress

## 25. May - 31. May

Since the build, we had various changes, mostly changes regarding very in-depth stuff like the UI, some build-releated issues with Unity, some issues regarding menu transistions etc. Also there has been a couple of updates towards the UI that I happened to have overlooked, like the main menu and the Tech Tree. Turns out that since Gabriel gave me a summary of the issues, some of them fall right back to the other team members, like tiling issues with background images, files being put in different folders and me not finding it (org-related issues), so the list basically gave all of us a bit of work to do - which is fine - we strive for improvements.

But let's not beat around the bush, let's see what we did last week:
* The Technology Tree display now displays units
* You can now choose different civilizations in the Technology Tree display
* Added all the units and buildings related data to ensure all available units for the available civilizations and available eras are display in their respective column
* Main Menu overhaul
* Bottom In-Game UI got more functionality
* Added an external logger for Unity Events (WebSocket-based server-receiver) - so we can check issues in final builds that are not displayed in the UnityLog.txt

We are now currently focusing on fixing the bugs and issues, and THEN continue with the missing mechanics, so we have a round experience and can always test on a full working build. So please bear with this for another week. We're down to half the issues now (21 left, 19 in Testing, 7 Working) - so it's progressing, but taking a bit of time.

# Upcoming planned next steps


| Status | Date      | Topic      | Sub-Topic   | Description                                                     |
|--------|-----------|------------|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Work   | | LandCrisis | * | fixing dev build bugs |
| Work   | 06/09/2020 | LandCrisis | Org | Rolling development builds for QA  <- skipped this week due to fixing old build's issues |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "queue" mechanics     |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "build" mechanics     |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "attack" mechanics     |
| Plan   | | LandCrisis | Maps | Import FoW implementation |
| Plan   | | LandCrisis | Org | Static playtest, initial build                                  |

# Closing statement

Questions? Suggestions? Changes? Check out our Discord, the link is [here](https://discord.gg/C7H9w4p).
Also, if you want to see more in-depth dev screenshots or have any questions feel free to ping me in #devlog on Discord!


Stay safe, stay strong, keep your distance and I'll keep you guys updated soon!

{% highlight html %}
{% raw %}
- KuhnChris
{% endraw %}
{% endhighlight html %}

Remember to press F to pay your respects.