---
layout: post
title: Land Crisis Development Log &#35;15
date: 2020-09-13
description: WE ARE HIRING - September - Week 1 and 2
toc: true
---


# We are looking for a Unity Developer

Regarding our recent build, Gabriel had a hard sitdown and wanted to see the game succeed faster. Hence we are now looking for an additional developer who helps us implementing new features into the game. For more information check out this reddit post: [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameDevClassifieds/comments/irg3eb/revshare_c_developer_with_unity_experience_needed/)

# Introduction

Another 2 weeks have passed, and we are now in the midst of September! Welcome autumn!
My new laptop arrived, had set it up and now we are ready to go! Let's see how long it takes until 'this' laptop breaks... at least I activated that 'Battery Saver' Mode right from the start, so it juggles around 79-80% battery - which is fine for me if it keeps my battery alive and doesn't turn off while I play games or work in Unity. 🤷‍♀️

# Development progress

## 1.9. - 13.9.

After throwing out another build for Gabriel, I got provided with a new list of ToDos that need immediate fixing:
- Remove the dreaded Cherry Tree
- UI changes (Button renaming and changing of actions, Main Menu)
- Data changes (walk speed, population count, ...)
- Bugs that occured in the build (Tree spacing, Resource Spawning Issues, MiniMap issues, ...)

Those were luckily fixed - but there are still a couple of tasks left that need to be finished. We also agreed on Builds every week now to better process the progress.

## Upcoming planned next steps

Not sure if this is now the best format to structure the time schedule, but here we go:

| Status | (Due-)Date      | Topic      | Sub-Topic   | Description                                                     |
|--------|-----------|------------|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Units | "queue" mechanics     |
| Work   | | LandCrisis | Tech | Unit "upgrades"    |
| Work   | 20/09/2020 | LandCrisis | Org | fixing dev build bugs (Build 5) |
| Work   | 13/09/2020 | LandCrisis | Org | Rolling Builds (6)  |
| Plan   | | LandCrisis | Maps | Import FoW implementation |
| Plan   | | LandCrisis | Org | Static playtest, alpha build |

I also kinda screwed myself with the new developer thing as this means I will probabbly have to burden myself with additional work like coming up with Work Packages, Documentation, Phasing-In the new guy, etc.
So this will probabbly affect my Todos here.

# Closing statement

So, regarding this streaming on [twitch.tv](http://twitch.tv/kuhnchris2018) thing... my surrounding is terribly buzzy so I probabbly have to revert to some kind of avatar or no-cam stream for the most part for now. We did conclude a test stream, so chances are that we are doing it again soon. Make sure to get notified over on our discord by [clicking here](https://discord.gg/C7H9w4p).

Also, if you want to see more in-depth dev screenshots or have any questions feel free to ping me in #devlog on Discord!



Stay safe,

{% highlight html %}
{% raw %}
- KuhnChris
{% endraw %}
{% endhighlight html %}